Time to write out some tests to make sure that these events are actually being published.
These tests are going to look very similar to what we had previously written out back inside of our
ticket service just a little bit ago.
Well, first, start off with our new test file.
So we're going to make sure that whenever a request comes in to create an order, we publish an event
saying that an order was created.
I want to give you a very quick reminder.
You might recall that we have that Nats wrapper file and instead of here, we have some code that we
do not want to be executed inside of our test environment because it is going to attempt to connect
to a real gnat server to get around that problem.
We had created that underscore underscore MOX directory inside of our source file and just was going
to automatically redirect any import statements to that nat wrapper file while we were running our test
to this MOX Nat's wrapper file instead.
So our publishers and the test environment are going to be executing it, using this as the nets wrapper.
So we're going to have that client object that only implements the publish function.
And the publish function is going to be a mock function.
The only goal this publish function right here is to make sure that it receives some kind of callback
function, invokes it just to trick our code into thinking that the event was published successfully.
So when we go to write out a test around this, we're going to make sure that our code, after creating
an order, eventually invokes this mock function right here.
And there are some built in matches directly in chest that allow us to make sure that this function
actually was invoked.
So let's get to it back inside of our new test file.
We'll go up to the very top.
And we will import the.
That's rapper from up to directories and that's rapper.
So by the time we import this object right here, it has already been knocked out.
So when we have this import, it is actually for this fake nets wrapper.
So we can now attempt to make the request to issue the order, retrieve the order and issue the event.
And we should be able to inspect this object right here.
Make sure that things Polish function has been called.
Let's go down to the bottom where we've got that little Tutu's test written out.
I'm going to remove the dot to do on there and then put in an async callback like so.
So inside of here, we definitely want to make sure that we successfully create an order.
To create an order.
We can take the code that we had written in the test right before.
So this was some code that would successfully create an order.
I'm going to copy all that and then paste it down inside of our test.
So immediately after we get back a response of 201, we should be able to take a look at our net's wrapper
client publish function and just make sure that it has been invoked so we can write out expect and that's
rapper dot client publish.
That to have been cult.
So let's save that.
Go back over to our running test in our terminal and we're going to expect that the set of new tests
have ran successfully.
Yep.
Looks like everything is passing as usual.
I will change this to fail so I'll do something like not to have then called.
That's how we would say that the Polish function has not been invoked.
I'll save that flip back over.
And if we take a look at the air that we just got, we said that we expect this thing not to be called.
Well, it was called the number of times that it was invoked was one.
And here are the arguments to it.
So we got order created as the subject.
We've got the order data inside there and all that kind of good stuff.
So that's a pretty good test right there.
Let's now implement the same thing for our delete or cancel handler as well.
Inside the delete test.
Yes.
File.
At the very top, we will once again import.
And that's rapper from.
Up to directories and that's rapper.
Well, then go down to the very bottom.
I'm going to delete the two due on there.
But in the async callback.
And then once again, we need to make sure that we somehow create the order and cancel it and then check
to make sure that the published function has been invoked.
So once again, take a look at the test that we wrote right before this one.
Where we had our success case.
So inside, if you are going to take everything from creating the ticket.
All the way down to the end of where we make the request to cancel the order.
So in total, I've got the ticket creation, the ticket save reading the user and then the two different
requests.
I'm going to copy all that and then paste it down at the very bottom and the test that we just put together.
Then at the very bottom of our new test, we can write out.
Expect Nats repr client publish to have been dealt.
So I'll save that.
Take a look at my tests and see how we're doing.
I think I forgot to change back that failing test.
So we just wrote Inside the New Handler.
I'll take care of that in just a moment.
But right now, let's make sure that the canceled one is working as expected.
Yep.
Looks like it is.
So I'm going to go back over to new tests.
Yeah, I've still got the not down there at the very bottom.
I'll just make sure I remove that.
Say this once again, and I'll make sure that all my tests are passing.
All right.
Looks good.
So I think we are now all set.
That's pretty much it for publishing some events out of our order service.
So let's take a quick pause right here and decide what we need to work on next in just a moment.